Hey, boy!
What you doing
with my mama's car?
Wait there!
Ain't you ashamed?
You're trying to steal
an old lady's automobile.
I been thinking
about buying me one.
Bull. You ain't got
money for dinner,
let alone buy no car.
I'll tell you
something...
I got enough money
for a Coca-Cola.
Since it don't look
like you're inviting
me inside...
You'd steal the dining room
table if I did.
You want to go
into town with me?
I'm going to work
anyway.
You're going
to work, huh?
What kind
of work you do?
None of your business.
I bet you're
a movie star.
A lady mechanic?
No.
A maid?
What do you
think I am?
A waitress.
What line of work
you in...
When you're not
stealing cars?
Well, I'm looking for suitable
employment at the moment.
Oh, yeah, but what
did you do before?
I was, uh...
I was
in state prison.
State prison?
Uh-huh.
I guess some little
old lady wasn't so nice.
It was
armed robbery.
My, my.
The things that turn up
in the street these days.
Hey, what
you all do
for a good time
around here?
Listen to
the grass grow?
I guess you had
a lot more fun
up at state prison.
See my right foot?
I chopped two toes
off that foot
with a ax.
What? Why?
To get off work detail.
You want to see it?
No!
I surely don't intend to stand
in the middle of main street
and look
at your dirty feet.
Boy, did you
really do that?
What's it like?
What you mean? Prison?
No. Armed robbery.
It ain't like
anything.
Shoot!
I knew you never robbed
no place, you faker.
Ahem!
Yeah.
But you wouldn't have
the gumption to use it.
All right.
You just wait here
and keep your eyes open.
Hey, what's
your name anyhow?
Clyde barrow.
Hi. I'm Bonnie Parker.
Pleased to meet you.
Hey.
Hey, slow down.
Slow down.
Take it easy.
You got my hat.
Hey, cut it out.
Cut it out!
All right, now.
I might as well
tell you right off.
I ain't much
of a loverboy.
I never saw
no percentage in it.
Ain't nothin' wrong
with me--
I don't like boys.
Boy.
Boy, boy.
Huh?
Boy what?
Your advertising
is just dandy.
Folks would never guess
you don't have
a thing to sell.
You better
take me home now.
Don't you touch me!
All right!
If all you want's
a stud service,
get back to west Dallas
and stay there forever.
You're worth
a lot more than that,
and you know it.
You can find a loverboy
on every corner in town.
It don't
make a damn to them
whether you're
waiting on tables
or picking cotton,
but it does
make a damn to me!
Why?
Why? Because
you're different.
You're like me.
You want
different things.
You got something better
than being a waitress.
Traveling together,
we could cut a path
clean across this state
and Kansas and Missouri.
Everybody'd
know about it.
Listen to me,
miss Bonnie Parker.
How would you like
to walk
into the dining room
of the dolphis hotel
wearing a silk dress?
Would you like that?
You got a right to that.
Hey!
When did you figure
all that up?
The minute I saw you.
Why?
Because you may be the
best damn girl in Texas.
You were born
somewhere around
east Texas, right?
Come from
a big old family?
Yeah.
You went to school but
didn't take to it much.
You was lots smarter
than everybody else
so you quit one day.
When you was 16--17,
there was a guy
who worked in a...
Cement plant.
Right. You liked him
'cause he thought you
was as nice as can be.
You almost married
that guy.
Then you got your job
in the cafe.
Now you wake up
every morning,
and you hate it.
You put on
your white uniform--
it's pink.
Truck drivers come in to
eat your greasy burgers.
They kid you,
you kid them back,
but they're dumb boys
with big ol' tattoos.
They ask you for dates.
Sometimes you go,
but all they're ever trying
to do is get in your pants.
You sit in your room
and think,
"when and how am I ever going
to get away from this?"
And now you know.
Change that.
I don't like it.
Mm-hmm.
You're a knockout.
Hey, that ain't ours.
We come in this one.
Don't mean we have
to go home in it.
Clyde?
Clyde!
Hey, lady.
Oh!
Where you been
keepin' yourself?
I slept out
by the car.
These accommodations
ain't particularly deluxe.
If they're after us,
I want the first shot.
Come on, we got
work to do.
Whew!
You're good!
I ain't good.
I'm the best.
And modest.
See that there?
Set her a-spinnin'.
Now try--no.
It's all right.
Try it again.
This time,
come down slow.
All right.
Ha ha ha!
How about that.
Ain't you somethin'?
I'll get you
a Smith & Wesson.
It'll go
in your hand easier.
No, sir.
Y'all go
right ahead.
It used to
be my place,
but it's not
anymore.
The bank took it.
Yes, sir,
they moved us off.
Now it belongs
to them.
That's a shame.
You're damn right.
Me and him put in
the years here.
Yes, sir. You all
go right ahead.
We just come by
for a last look.
Y'all mind?
Hey, Davis,
come on over here.
That's right.
Go on.
Look!
Much obliged.
My name's
Otis Harris,
and this
is Davis.
We worked
this place.
This here's
miss Bonnie Parker.
I'm Clyde barrow.
Hey!
We Rob banks.
I don't want you
to worry about nothin'.
This will be easy.
Your mama
could take this bank.
All right?
You just be ready
if I need you.
What are you
waiting for?
All right, now!
This is a stickup.
Take it easy, and nothing
will happen to you.
Give me the money.
There ain't
no money here.
What you talkin' about?
This here's a bank.
It was a bank,
but we failed
three weeks ago.
All right,
get on out here.
Come on out here!
Get on out there
and tell my girl.
Come on,
you tell her.
As I was telling him...
Oh, no. Ha ha ha!
We got $1.98,
and you're laughing.
Let's see, now...
A loaf of bread,
a dozen eggs,
a quart of milk,
four fried pies.
You sure you ain't got
no peach pies?
I don't--
Get the hell
out of here!
Go ahead! Go ahead!
I'm on!
He tried to kill me.
I didn't
want to hurt him.
You try to get
something to eat,
and some son of a bitch
come up on you
with a meat cleaver.
I ain't against him.
What was wrong
with that?
Dirt in the fuel line.
Just blowed it away.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Is there anything else
I can do for you?
You're a
smart feller.
You sure know a lot
about automobiles,
don't you?
Yes, I guess I do.
Well, um...
Would you know what
kind of car this is?
This is a four-cylinder
Ford coupe.
No.
It sure is.
This is a stolen
four-cylinder Ford coupe.
You ain't scared,
are you?
Huh?
Heh heh heh.
I believe he is.
It's a pity.
We could have used
a smart boy like that
who knows a great deal
about automobiles.
You a good driver,
boy?
Yeah, reckon I am.
Nah. He's
better off here.
What's your name, boy?
C.w. Moss.
I'm miss Bonnie Parker,
and this here's
Mr. Clyde barrow.
We Rob banks.
Sheesh!
Ain't nothin' wrong
with that, is there?
No. No.
Clyde, he ain't
the one. Let's go.
Wait. You got the guts
for our line of work?
I spent a year
in reformatory.
Ooh!
Man with a record.
You got the nerve to
shortchange old ladies,
but have you got what it
takes to pull bank jobs?
Sure I do.
I ain't afraid, if
that's what you think.
Prove it.
Yup. You'll do
all right.
No.
Uh-uh.
I'm afraid we're
overdrawn again.
This is a stickup.
Ahem!
This here's a stickup!
All right.
Leave it there.
Come on. That's it.
Clyde,
where's the car?
What did he do?
Where's the car?
Here!
What the hell you doin'
parkin' the car?
Go!
Turn it!
Stop that car!
Cut left! Left!
You ain't got a brain.
Because of you,
I killed a man.
We'll all be wanted
for murder.
Dumb-ass stupid...
Shh!
What was you
thinking about?
If you do a dumb-ass
thing like that again,
I'll kill you.
Shh.
If you want to talk,
go outside.
Hey, who are you?
You'll find out.
Come on, boys.
We'll begin right here.
Hey, hey, honey.
I want to talk to you
for just a minute.
Sit down.
Look.
This afternoon
we killed a man.
So far, nobody
knows who you are,
but they know
who I am.
They'll be running
after me.
That's murder.
It's gonna get rough.
You still can
get out.
I'll put you
on that bus
back to your mama.
I won't make you
run with me.
No.
Huh?
No!
You could get a rich
man if you tried!
I don't want
no rich man!
You won't have
a minute's peace.
Do you promise?
At least
I ain't a liar.
I told you I wasn't no loverboy.
Let me look
at you, boy.
Hey, hey!
Come on!
Come on, boy.
You can do better than that.
Ha ha ha!
Hey.
Hey, how's mama?
Fine.
Sister?
Sent her best
to you.
Must be
all that prison food.
No. It's married life.
You know
what they say.
Face powder
gets a man interested,
but baking powder
keeps him home.
Hey, I want you to meet my wife.
Blanche!
My baby brother.
How are you doing?
How do you do?
Hey, Bonnie!
Hey!
Hey, wait!
Is it--ooh, boy.
Is this Bonnie?
You're taking good care
of the baby of the family.
I'm so glad
to meet you.
Meet my wife blanche.
This here's Bonnie.
Hi.
Hello.
This is c.W. Moss.
My brother buck
and his wife blanche.
Howdy, everybody!
Howdy, y'all.
Howdy, Mrs. Barrow,
or may I
call you blanche?
I sure am pleased
to meet you.
How did you find us?
You picked a good day.
Is that a new
screenland magazine?
Any pictures
of Myrna loy?
She's my favorite
picture star.
May I?
Let me get
the Kodak here!
Put your pants on,
boy.
Come on,
blanche!
Get out
of there.
Come on.
Over there.
Come on, now.
Hold on to her there.
I got it.
Did you take
my picture?
I asked you not
to take my picture!
Buck, get one of this.
Hey, I want to talk
to you later on.
You devil, you.
Hold it.
You got that?
Yeah.
You take one of us.
I don't want--
honestly,
come on over here.
Just look over there.
Honey, I don't--
give--
be serious.
Be serious.
Hold still.
Oh!
Let me take one
of Bonnie alone.
O.k.
All right, now.
Oh, honey!
Hey,
come on, now.
A little smile.
Hey.
I want to have
a chat with you.
Why don't you step in
there with Bonnie?
What do you
think of her?
Bonnie?
She's a peach.
Hey.
Uh-huh?
Now, tell--tell me true.
What?
Is she as good
as she looks?
She's better.
It was either you
or him, wasn't it?
What?
The guy
that you killed.
He put me
on the spot.
You had to do it?
Right.
I knew you did.
Don't say anything
to blanche about that.
That time you broke
out of jail--
she talk you
into going back?
Did you hear
about that?
Is that true?
Yeah.
I won't say nothing
to Bonnie about it.
I appreciate that.
Whoa-hoo!
We're gonna
have ourselves a time, boy!
We surely are.
Woo!
What are we
going to do?
Well...
How's this?
I figured we all
drive up Missouri.
They ain't lookin'
for me up there.
We'll have us
a regular vacation.
Right?
Yeah. Uh...
No trouble, now.
I ain't goin'
back to no prison.
I heard you had
trouble there.
You was cutting
on your toes.
I did a little
toe-cutting.
That ain't
half of it.
I did it
to get off work--
breaking rocks with
sledgehammers night and day.
Very next week,
I get paroled.
Walked out of that godforsaken
jail on crutches.
Ain't life grand?
You want
to hear a story
about a boy
who owned a dairy farm?
His old ma was sick.
The doctor
called him over and said,
"your mom's lying there.
She's so sick.
"I want you to persuade her
to take a little Brandy.
Just to pick
her spirits up."
"Ma's a teetotaler,"
he says,
she wouldn't
touch a drop."
"Well, I'll tell you what you do."
That's the doc.
"I'll tell you
what you do.
"You bring in a fresh
quart of milk every day,
and you put
some Brandy in it."
So he did.
He doctored it up
with Brandy,
and he gave it
to his mama.
She drank
a little bit of it.
Next day,
he brought it in again.
She drank a little more.
The third day,
a little more.
The fourth day,
she took a little more.
One week later,
he gave her the milk.
She just drank it down.
She swallowed
the whole thing.
Then she called him over,
she said,
"son, whatever you do,
don't sell that cow."
"Don't sell the cow!"
Bye. I'll be
seeing you soon.
Much obliged.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
I give him
a month's rent in advance.
We're all set.
Let's get inside.
I'm taking you
to our first home.
What do you think,
huh? Huh?
Just perfect.
It's your
first home.
Isn't this
lovely?
He give me
the grocery number.
Perfect for all of us,
isn't it?
Clyde?
4337, please.
Hi there.
Smitty's grocery?
Look,
it's so clean, buck,
and a frigidaire,
not an icebox.
...hillsdale Avenue.
Oh, about 8 pounds
of pork chops,
4 pounds of red beans,
some chase & sanborn coffee.
About 8 bottles
of Dr. Pepper.
Ha ha ha!
A-ha ha ha!
You sure
can play checkers.
You need a haircut.
You're looking
just like a hillbilly.
You're like an old man--
playing checkers
all the time,
paying no attention
to your poor lonely wife.
"Oh, daddy.
"You sure do
need a haircut.
"You're just like
a little hillbilly.
I do declare.
Mercy me!"
Don't talk that way.
She's in the next room.
There's always somebody
in the next room--
in this room
or every other room.
Don't you ever want
to be alone with me?
I always feel
like we're alone.
Do you, baby?
I'm hungry.
Hey, buck.
Groceries, ma'am.
How much?
$6.43.
43?
Yes, ma'am.
All right.
Here you are.
O.k.
Let me help you.
Those bags are heavy.
No, thanks.
I'll get them.
Just get the door.
Yes, ma'am.
"But few of them
really are justified,
"if you get right down
to the point.
"You've heard
of a woman's glory
being spent on a--"
did you
write that yourself?
Do you want
to hear this or not?
"Still, you can't always
judge the story as true
"being told by her.
"Now, sal was a gal
of rare beauty,
though her features
were coarse and tough."
I knew that old gal.
She's cockeyed, had a
harelip, and no teeth.
Buck, come on.
Go ahead.
"Now, sal was a gal
of rare beauty,
"though her features
were coarse and tough.
"She never once
faltered from duty
"to play on the up and up.
"Sal told me this tale
"on the evening before
she was turned out free,
"and I'll do my best
to relate it
just as she told me."
Hey, the laws
are outside.
They're blocking
the driveway.
Aaah!
Aah!
Get us out of here!
We got to
get your car out!
I'll blow
that police car!
Come on! Cover me!
Get out of here!
He's got a shotgun!
Hold it!
Aaah!
Keep firing!
Damn you!
Where's blanche?
They're coming around!
Help!
Aah!
Damn it!
You almost
got us killed!
I thought you'd be
happy if I got shot!
Yeah, it would have
saved us trouble.
Don't let her talk
to me like that.
You shouldn't have done that.
It was dumb.
Buck, I didn't marry you
to see you get shot at.
Please, let's go.
Let's leave.
Make him stop the car.
I can't.
I killed a guy.
Please!
Just shut up! Just shut up
your big mouth!
Cut it out, Bonnie!
You stop the car.
I want to talk to you.
Get rid of her.
She's buck's wife.
Get rid
of them both.
What's the matter
with you?
She's what's
the matter with me.
She's a dumb, stupid,
back-country--
now, you look.
What makes you
any better?
You were just a west
Dallas waitress,
picking up
truck drivers.
Stop it!
Oh, big Clyde barrow,
you're just
like your brother--
ignorant,
uneducated hillbilly.
The only special thing
about you
is your peculiar ideas
about lovemaking,
which is
no lovemaking at all!
No.
Clyde, please, Clyde.
I didn't mean that.
Listen.
It was just
all that shooting.
It was
all those guns.
I got scared.
Please, honey.
I didn't mean it.
All right.
Come on.
"Law enforcement officers
throughout the southwest
"are amazed at the way
"in which the will-o'-the-wisp
bandit Clyde barrow
"and his yellow-haired
companion Bonnie Parker
"continue to elude
their would-be captors
"since engaging
in a police battle
"on the streets
of joplin, Missouri,
"and slaying three
of their number.
"The barrow gang
has been reported
"as far west as whites
city, new Mexico,
"and as far north
as Chicago.
"They have been credited
"with robbing
the mesquite bank
"in the aforementioned
whites city,
"the j.J. Landry
oil refinery in arp, Texas,
"the sanger city national
bank in sanger, Indiana,
"and the Lancaster bank
in denton, Texas.
"In addition,
the fast-traveling barrows
"have been rumored
to have had a hand
"in the robbing of two piggly
wiggly stores in Texas
"and one a&p store
in Missouri.
"Though chief Percy heyman,
who first identified Clyde
barrow's brother buck..."
We won't see another toilet
for another 30 miles.
Why don't you
pull up over here?
Hey, here's something.
"Lone cop
arrests two officers
"in hunt for barrow.
"Police officer
Howard Anderson's heart
"turned faster
than his motorcycle
"when he forced
to the side of the road
"a black v-8 sedan
"in which were three men
and a blond-headed woman."
"He was certain he'd caught
Clyde barrow, Bonnie Parker,
"buck barrow, and
an unidentified gang member.
"It took a lot of explaining
to convince the cop
"that his captives
were two highway patrolmen
"and a blond stenographer
from the highway patrol."
Sheriff!
Wahoo!
Come on,
get your hand up.
You just get on
right over that car.
Well, now,
look here.
We're in the custody
of captain frank hammer,
and frank here
is a Texas ranger.
I believe you've got
your spurs
all tangled
up there.
You're in Missouri.
He's lost.
I don't think
he's lost.
I think the bank's offering
extra reward money.
Frank just wanted some easy pickings.
Didn't you, frank?
Texas ranger, you're
not doing your job.
You ought to be home
protecting poor folk,
not out chasing
after us.
He ought to be back
protecting the poor folks.
What do you want to take
it so personal for?
We've got to discourage
this bounty hunting
for the barrow gang.
What?
What do you
do with him?
Shoot him?
No!
Come on, now.
Hang him.
Uh-uh.
Take his picture.
Huh?
Take his picture?
We take his picture,
we'll send it
to all the newspapers.
Everybody will see captain frank
hammer with the barrow gang,
and all of us
just as friendly as pie.
We're just about
the friendliest folks
you'd ever want to meet.
Big old Texas ranger
waves his gun at us,
and we just welcome him
like he was one of our own.
Hey, buck,
get the Kodak.
Get him up there
on the spare tire, Clyde.
All right. There
we go, my friend.
See what happens for
not doing your job?
Down duncanville
last year,
poor farmers kept you
laws away from us
with shotguns.
You're supposed to
protect them from us.
That don't make sense, do it?
You and Bonnie first.
Get in there.
Friendlylike, you know.
When his friends see this,
he'll wish he was dead.
We're proud to have a Texas
ranger in the family.
Hold it!
How's this?
Good, good, good.
I'm getting it.
Wait. Hold it.
How about that?
You bastard!
Hold on, now!
I got the picture!
I got--
I got
the picture.
I got it!
I got the--
I got
the picture!
I got the--
we will put that picture in
every paper in the country!
We got you!
We got you now!
Hey, we got you!
You just stay in there
for a while.
We gonna use that--
we got you!
We gonna use you, boy.
We got you!
Good afternoon.
This is the barrow gang.
Now if everybody will
just take it easy,
nobody will get hurt.
That your money
or the bank's?
Mine.
You keep it, then.
Next time,
I'll aim lower.
All right.
Take a good look, pop.
I'm buck barrow.
We're the barrow boys!
Buck!
Happy birthday, hon!
It was
the barrow gang!
I think they was
headed for Oklahoma!
Give me that.
Load this.
There I was,
staring square
into the face of death.
Whoa!
And all I can say is,
they did right by me.
I'm bringing me a mess of
flowers to their funeral.
Slow down, Clyde.
We're in Oklahoma now.
Let's catch them
anyway.
I ain't riskin'
my life in Oklahoma.
Ain't much.
Times is hard.
Well, let's
get down to it.
C.w. Moss.
Money.
All right.
O.k.
Hey, Clyde,
uh, what about
blanche here?
What?
Well, why not?
I earned my share
same as everybody!
I could have got killed!
I'm wanted by the law!
I could have
got snake bit
sleeping in them woods
every night.
I have to take sass
from miss Bonnie Parker.
I deserve mine!
Hold on, blanche.
Hold your horses.
You're going
to get your share.
I married
a preacher's daughter.
She's still
taking the collection.
Mrs. Buck barrow.
Thank you.
Don't spend that
all in one place.
Hey.
I guess I'll have to
keep saying this.
Blanche
is married to buck.
Buck is family.
My family could use
some of that money.
Them law's been hangin'
around your mama's house.
It's too risky
to go up there now.
Where can we go?
What else do we do?
There's a hole
in the oil pan.
We got to swipe another car
to get anywhere.
Eugene, stop that, now.
Now, Eugene.
Gene. Ha ha ha!
Come on!
Stop that, Eugene.
Say, isn't that
your car, Eugene?
That's my car.
Hey!
That's my car!
Hey! They're
comin' after us.
Kick in the pants.
I'm gonna
tear them apart.
Those punks.
Stealing a man's car...
Wait till I get my hands
on those kids, velma.
I'm gonna
tear them apart!
What if they
have guns, Eugene?
We'd better let
the police handle this.
Right.
Now turn around.
Turn around.
Let's go back to town.
We'll get the sheriff.
They stopped
chasing us.
They're turning
around.
Let's take them.
Good idea,
Clyde!
Woo hoo!
Yay!
Oh, my lord!
They're coming
after us!
Step on it, velma.
Velma, step on it.
I am!
What did you
do that for?
Step on it, velma.
Step on it.
We're gettin' 'em.
Velma, step on it,
velma!
Whoo!
Stop that!
Don't run into them!
Velma!
Howdy!
Hey! What are you
doin' in there?
Hey!
How are y'all?
Get on
out of there.
Come on. Come on.
You want to go for a
ride in our new car?
Can we all
fit in there?
I get to ride
up front now!
Finally.
There's not room
for me now.
What's your names?
I'm Eugene--
I'm Eugene grizzard.
And I'm velma Davis.
Well,
we're the barrow gang.
That there's
Clyde driving.
I'm buck.
That's my wife blanche.
Bonnie Parker. C.W.
Don't be scared.
It ain't like
you was the law.
You just folks,
just like us.
Yeah.
That's the truth.
I expect you been
reading about us.
Oh, no!
Yes.
Yes, velma,
we have, too.
Well, now, you two
must be in love,
I bet, huh?
Boy, when are you
gonna marry the girl?
Buck.
So, uh, he gave her
the milk, see,
and she drank
a little bit of it.
She drank a little more
till one week goes by,
and she drinks
every drop of it.
She calls her son over.
She says, "son,
whatever you do,
don't sell that cow."
"Don't sell the cow."
I'm from Wisconsin
originally--
where the cheese
comes from.
Oh, but he just
loves Texas now,
don't you, Eugene?
"Don't sell
that cow."
Hey, uh, how old
are you, honey?
I'm 33.
There you go.
Thanks, buck.
Didn't I order
some French fries?
Yeah, you did.
Here you are.
Here you go.
Now take it easy on them
French fries, velma.
Ain't that right,
Eugene?
This isn't mine.
I ordered mine
well done.
Who's got
the other hamburger?
Oh, is this supposed
to be yours?
It's o.K.
I'm sure havin'
a good time.
Aren't you glad
we picked you up?
You're a grand host,
buck.
Join up with us.
Boy, they sure
would be surprised
to hear that back home.
What would bill and Martha
say if they heard that?
Lordy, they would
have a fit.
Hey, what do you do
anyhow?
I'm an undertaker.
Get them out of here.
Bonnie!
I don't see her,
Clyde.
Bonnie,
where are you?
Bonnie!
Oh! Bonnie!
Where could she
have went, buck?
Boy, i--i don't know.
I just don't know.
There!
Bonnie!
Leave me alone!
Where are you goin'?
Get away!
Oh! Oh.
I want to see my mama.
Please, honey,
don't never leave me
without sayin' nothin'.
All right.
But--but, Clyde.
Listen to me,
Clyde, please.
Now--now listen to me.
I mean it.
I been thinkin'
about my mama.
She's gettin' so old.
I want to see her. Please.
Please.
We'll see her.
Would you
look at him?
He just
don't remember me.
He'll get used
to me, won't he?
We've been cuttin'
and pastin'
everything we could
find about you.
Hey, Clyde, there's a shot
I took of you.
Ha ha!
Woo hoo!
Aah!
Lord, we thank thee
for the safety
of our loved ones
and the food we are
about to receive. Amen.
I want one.
Ha ha ha!
Bye, Clyde.
Y'all be careful.
Where y'all headed to
from here, Clyde?
We ain't headed nowheres.
We just runnin' from.
Tom, we're
goin' home.
Little Tom!
Matthew, fetch
little Tom.
Mama.
Mama, why
don't you stay
a little while
longer, huh?
O.k.?
I want you
to have this.
Come on, boys.
Come on,
you little rodents.
We got to go home.
Clyde, sugar,
make mama
stay a while.
You know, Clyde,
I read about you all
in the papers,
and I just get scared.
Don't you believe
what you read
in them newspapers.
They want us to look big
so they can look big
when they catch us.
They won't catch us because
I'm better at runnin'
than at robbin' banks.
If we'd done half
what they say,
we'd be millionaires.
I ain't gonna
risk my girl
just to make money,
uncertain as times are.
I knowed of a job--
we could have done
$2,000 as easy as pie.
I pulled outside there
and saw them laws,
and I said to myself,
"Bonnie could
get hurt here."
So we just drove on.
I let that money lay.
Maybe you know
the way with her, then.
I'm just an old woman.
I don't know nothin'.
This is the way
we make money best.
We'll quit soon as
hard times is over.
Just the other night,
me and Bonnie were talkin'
about when we'll settle down
and get us a home.
She says to me,
"I couldn't bear to live
more than three miles
from my precious mother."
Now, how would you
like that, mother Parker?
I don't believe I would.
I surely don't.
You live
three miles from me,
and you won't live long.
You'd best keep runnin',
Clyde barrow.
You know it.
Bye, baby.
Bye, y'all.
Bye-bye.
Who is this here?
Is that your girlfriend?
Hmm?
L-o-v-e.
Whose idea was it
to get bluebirds?
Bonnie's.
Bonnie picked it out.
Day after we robbed
the armory.
Hey, hon,
come over here.
I want you
to touch somethin' here.
Oh, no.
Touch right there.
Go on.
Ew!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha!
Sweet sour!
Why don't y'all
go into your own cabin
if you want to play
with c.W., huh?
What's the matter
with you now?
Wait a minute.
Why should
she wait?
Hold on!
Look, I saw a chicken
place a few miles back.
Who wants to
get some food?
I do. I'm sick to death
of sitting around here.
What do y'all want?
Get us
five chicken dinners.
Get some dessert, too,
some peach ice cream
or something, will you?
Oh, baby, I got
the blues so bad.
Yeah.
Is it what
your mama said?
Wh--what mama?
She's just
an old woman now.
I don't have no mama.
No family, either.
Hey, I'm your family.
You know, it almost
started to happen.
I thought we was
really going somewhere.
But this is it.
We're just goin'.
I just--
I love you.
Sure are smoking
a lot lately.
So what?
Nothing.
Oh, lord.
Why don't you go back
to your pa's house?
If I only could.
If I could only just
do that one thing.
There's no tellin'
how all this happened.
I was a preacher's
daughter.
What church was your pa
affiliated with?
Baptist.
He thought the world
of buck, my daddy did,
even though buck was
servin' time in jail.
He forgave him because
he paid his debt to society.
We were
disciples of Christ.
I ain't got my money.
Give me some,
will you?
Get me sheriff smoot
on the phone. Yeah.
It fits much better
since I took it up.
The men are on
the other side.
C.w.! C.W.!
Grenades!
Open that door!
Hold it!
Get down!
Hey, Clyde!
Turn your fire down there,
the little guy.
No! Buck!
Aah!
Get on!
Give me a gun, please!
Somebody
give me a gun!
C.w., you're going crazy!
Oh, no! No!
Blanche, be quiet.
We're trying to get out.
It didn't happen,
daddy!
It didn't happen!
I know it didn't!
Blanche, stop it!
You stop it!
I'd rather go to jail
than go on like this.
He ain't got a chance.
Half his head's
blown off.
Oh, god. Oh, god.
Dear lord in heaven,
please help me.
Blanche...
And buck will never
do anything wrong
again in his life.
My eyes!
I think I'm blind!
Blanche. Blanche.
The light hurts
so bad!
Here, hon.
Here.
Tell Clyde to get us
to a doctor.
Bonnie, we're dyin'!
Buck can't
be moved now, hon.
Clyde! Clyde!
Clyde!
I believe I lost
my shoes, Clyde.
I think the dog
got them.
Surrender!
Buck, in the car.
Buck, keep low.
Yaa haa!
Pull aside.
Keep low.
Move up!
Charlie, don't shoot!
The kins are
in the crossfire.
I'll go get the car.
Buck! No, buck!
This way!
Come on
through here.
Get the other car!
Knock the hell
out of it!
Woo-hoo!
Hold your fire!
Daddy, don't die!
Daddy, don't!
I said
hold your fire!
Can't you leave
him alone?
He's dying.
Let me go!
Daddy!
You killed him!
He's dead and gone.
Don't you see he's dead?
Daddy!
Daddy! Daddy!
Don't die, daddy!
Don't die!
Oh, daddy! Daddy!
Aah!
Maybe--
shh!
Shh!
Can you all spare us
some drinking water?
Who are you, boy?
Name is moss.
It's Clyde barrow
and Bonnie Parker.
What happened
to them?
Shh! Hush!
They famous?
Sure enough.
They gonna die?
Shh!
Is that really
Bonnie Parker?
Yeah.
Daddy! Daddy!
Who's there?
C.w.--Clarence.
Clarence!
Good to see you,
boy.
What's that
on your chest?
A tattoo, daddy.
Come on.
You got to help them.
Huh?
Help me get them in.
What happened
to them?
Are you
in trouble, son?
Clyde barrow
and Bonnie Parker.
Come on.
Help me get them in.
How come you marked
yourself all up
with that tattoo?
What the hell
made you do
a damn fool thing
like that?
You hear me?
Just open the door,
daddy.
I come here to question
blanche barrow.
So you're
the frank hammer, huh?
Hamer.
I figure to have
my picture took with them
just one more time.
It says here Clyde fled
his dying brother.
Fled! What do
they mean, fled?
When he's already dead
when I left him?
Fled! Newspapers.
While we're all lying
around here near dead,
they had us holding up
the national bank.
They hung that one
on us just for luck.
Tell you something,
as soon as we're well,
we'll hold up that bank!
We're gonna take it!
Aah.
They don't know nothin',
do they, honey?
Hey, how come
they're always
referring to me
in newspapers
as an unidentified
suspect?
Be glad that's
all you are.
As long as they don't
know your last name.
Mr. Barrow's lookin' out
for your interests.
How's it feel
to have a couple
of big deals
stay in your house,
huh?
That's something,
ain't it?
You've been mighty
nice to us.
Let us pay you,
say, $40
for your
hospitality.
No, no. I'm just
happy to have
y'all folks
here as company.
Anybody who's a friend
of my boy--
let's go have supper.
I'm starving.
You all are welcome here.
You know that.
And you just make
yourself right at home
and stay as long
as you want to.
You look like trash
all marked up like that.
Cheap trash!
Bonnie says
it looks good.
She's just
cheap trash herself.
Look what they do
to you.
Your name's
not in the paper.
You just get them
pictures on your skin
by Bonnie and Clyde.
Shoot. They ain't
nothin' but kids.
But, daddy--
I'm so glad your ma
ain't alive
to see this here thing.
All jellied up
like that.
I don't see what's
so, uh, bad about it.
You wouldn't.
The word is out
that Bonnie and Clyde
are holed up
outside of town,
and they're fixin'
to bust in
and take blanche out.
All two of them?
Blanche
barrow.
Aah!
Who's that?
I guess it's been
kind of rough on you,
hasn't it?
Bein' the daughter
of a preacher like you are.
I imagine old buck wasn't
a bad sort, was he?
No, he wasn't.
I reckon Clyde
just sort of...
Led him astray,
didn't he?
That's a shame,
blanche.
Yes, ma'am.
That's a shame.
They done led
your buck astray.
Clyde,
his own brother,
Bonnie...
And that little feller
that was with you
when you took that
Texas ranger in Missouri.
He was with you
all along, wasn't he?
C.w.
That's right.
I, uh...
I don't recollect
his last name.
Moss.
C.w. Moss.
He was there that day.
I didn't want to go.
I didn't want to,
and buck said we was
just goin' on a visit,
and we wouldn't do
no stealin' or robbin',
and we went up to joplin
all of a sudden.
All of a sudden they all
just started shootin'.
What you writin'?
I'm writin' a poem
about us.
Yeah?
Let me hear it.
O.k. Just let me
finish this.
Um, it's called
the story
of Bonnie and Clyde.
"You've heard
the story of Jesse James,
"of how he lived
and died.
"If you're still in need
of something to read,
here's the story
of Bonnie and Clyde."
Do you think if I sent
that to the newspapers
they'd print it?
I'm gonna do it.
"Now, Bonnie and Clyde
are the barrow gang.
"I'm sure
you all have read
"how they Rob and steal,
and those who squeal
"are usually found
dyin' or dead.
"They call them
cold-hearted killers.
"They say they are
heartless and mean.
"But I say this with pride
that I once knew Clyde
"when he was honest
and upright and clean.
"But the laws fooled around,
kept takin' him down
"and lockin' him up
in a cell,
"till he said to me,
I'll never be free,
"so I'll meet
a few of them in hell.
"If a policeman
is killed in Dallas,
"and they have
no clue to guide,
"if they can't find
a fiend,
"they just wipe
their slate clean
"and hang it
on Bonnie and Clyde.
"If they try to act
like citizens
"and rent them
a nice little flat,
"about the third night
they're invited to fight
"by a sub-gun's
rat-a-tat-tat.
"Someday they'll
go down together.
"They'll Bury them
side by side.
"To few it'll be grief,
"to the law, a relief,
but it's death
for Bonnie and Clyde."
You know
what you done there?
You told my story.
You told my whole story
right there.
Right there.
I told you I'd
make you somebody--
you've done that for me.
You've made me somebody
they're going to remember.
Damn.
Hey, uh,
how do you feel?
Fine.
I mean, do you feel how
you're supposed to
when you...
After you...
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
I figure it's
a good idea to ask
because how else are
you going to know
if, you know...
Hey, you done
just perfect.
I did, didn't I?
I really did.
I never figured
on that.
Damn!
Oh, Clyde,
why do you want
to marry me?
To make an honest woman
out of you.
What would you do...
What would you do
if some miracle
happened,
and we could walk
out of here
tomorrow morning
and start all over
again clean,
with no record
and nobody after us?
Huh?
Well, uh...
I guess I'd do it
all different.
First, I wouldn't live
in the same state
where we pull our jobs.
Live in another state
and stay clean there,
and then when we wanted
to take a bank,
we'd go
into the other state.
Bonnie?
Bonnie.
Boy,
did they expect you
to go downtown
with them tomorrow?
Who?
Bonnie and Clyde,
that's who.
Sure. I always
go with them.
Yeah. You better.
You better go.
When they get in their car
to come home,
don't get back in
with them.
Why, daddy?
Listen to your pa once!
I'm your kin!
Not that there
Clyde barrow!
What do I say?
I can't get in?
You tell them nothin',
you hear?
I made a deal,
and got you off
with a couple of years.
You just be
off the streets
when they go
to get in their car.
Laws won't catch
Bonnie and Clyde.
Clyde's got a sense.
Don't you know that,
daddy?
Nobody
catches Clyde.
Never.
Never!
What happened to c.W.?
He's in
the hardware store
getting light bulbs
for his daddy.
Oh!
You gonna
wear 'em like that?
Drive with one eye
closed.
Want some ice cream?
No. Look here.
Isn't that the prettiest
thing you ever saw?
You can see every
fingernail of her hand.
That's pretty.
Where is that boy?
I'll go get him,
o.K.?
Gladys Jean.
Time to go home now.
We'll get back
in about 20 minutes,
and we'll
pick him up.
If his head
wasn't strapped on,
he'd lose it.
Honey, isn't that
Malcolm there?
I got a flat tire.
Ain't got no spare.
Hey.